Adding OpenMCCellTransform (#1256)
neams-th-coe/cardinal: doc/content/source/userobjects/OpenMCCellTransform.md

# OpenMCCellTransform

!syntax description /UserObjects/OpenMCCellTransform

## Description

This user object can be used to either translate or rotate a universe inside an OpenMC cell.

!alert! warning title=The specified cell must be filled with a universe which is what will be transformed

> This userobject doesn't translate or rotate the surfaces of the specified cell. Instead, if that cell is filled with a universe, the given transform will be used to shift/rotate that universe. If you want to use moving mesh capabilities for general cell surfaces, you may consider using the [MoabSkinner](MoabSkinner.md) with DAGMC geometries instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This user object can be used to either translate or rotate an `openmc.Universe` which is the fill of an `openmc.Cell`.

!alert! warning title=The specified transformation is only applied to the universe which fills the cell.
This userobject doesn't translate or rotate the surfaces of the specified cell. Instead, the given transform will be used to shift/rotate the universe fill. Note that it is possible to create undesired void regions with a poorly defined cell/universe/transformation combination, which may result in lost particles. If you want to use moving mesh capabilities for general cell surfaces, consider using the [MoabSkinner](MoabSkinner.md) with DAGMC geometries instead.
```

Author: I think this would only happen with cell transformation (available only using the Python API) and should not be a concern here, right?

> Note that it is possible to create undesired void regions with a poorly defined cell/universe/transformation combination, which may result in lost particles.

> This userobject doesn't translate or rotate the surfaces of the specified cell. Instead, if that cell is filled with a universe, the given transform will be used to shift/rotate that universe. If you want to use moving mesh capabilities for general cell surfaces, you may consider using the [MoabSkinner](MoabSkinner.md) with DAGMC geometries instead.

Author: I believe that this is only possible from the Python side which we cannot really use in Cardinal during runtime between time steps, which is the motivation here, but lmk if I'm wrong!

> This userobject doesn't translate or rotate the surfaces of the specified cell. Instead, if that cell is filled with a universe, the given transform will be used to shift/rotate that universe. If you want to use moving mesh capabilities for general cell surfaces, you may consider using the [MoabSkinner](MoabSkinner.md) with DAGMC geometries instead.

Reviewer: Ah good point, I think I was mistaken. Though, if this was something people wanted, we could maybe create a C-API function similar to `extern "C" int openmc_cell_set_rotation`. Definitely outside the scope of this PR, feel free to resolve this comment.
